Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hey. baby what happened?
Mommy is coming.
Jota. social services
will be here at 4 pm.
You know.
it’s British punctuality.
Please. you must
be home to greet them.
Stay here.
and do not move. okay?
Hey don't talk about this.
It's a secret.
What is it?
Diego is sick again...
Jota stayed home with him.
Jota isn´t getting paid.
they owe him money.
Social services are going
to our house again today at 4.30 pm.
let's see if it what they say is true...
The last visit
for Lu's final report.
Don´t even joke
about that. my dear.
Listen.
can you lend us some money?
You know we can’t...
What’s the matter?
Lu's hearing aid broke.
That stuff is really expensive.
What about the social services?
Can´t they help you with that?
No. It's not the right time
to ask for their help.
I'd only prove them right.
But if we can´t help.
shouldn´t they?
I know. but that’s
not going to work.
You can´t imagine what we've
been through with them.
How is Lu doing without it?
She can´t hear a thing...
We need to solve that...
It can´t be.
Is baby Jessy there with you?
Yes!
I have to breastfeed her in a while.
Do you still have milk?
I have.
Feeling better. kid?
The same.
When Mom arrives.
we’ll have lunch.
We can only go shopping
the day after tomorrow.
You have to get up.
I need your help.
Please.
speak in Portuguese with me.
Today we will receive a visit.
See? Looks like new.
But mom will like it.
Let's take a bath!
Move on...
Don't be so boring.
Where is it...
With what?
Fuck. kid.
you're burning up!
I told you I have a temperature.
You gotta lie down.
come on.
I'm sorry mom.
I'm sorry.
They asked about the
marks on my backs.
I don´t know.
Sometimes my head shakes...
I don´t remember.
When I fell.
They asked if you hit me.
If dad hits me.
If my brother hits me.
I told the truth.
I hurt myself.
I fell.
I said the hearing aid
doesn´t "listen".
Yes. but it's a secret.
It's a secret isn´t it?
Yes.
but I didn´t tell them anything.
Jota?
Jota!
We have to leave now. Jota.
There’s no time.
We don´t have time for this.
We can´t risk
the social services’ visit.
Lu has her back
in an abnormal state.
Turn around.
What are you doing?
I'm taking care of our boy's lunch.
What do you think I'm doing?
- You don´t get it. do you?
- You're the one "not getting it".
If you'd run away now.
they would catch you easily.
Do you want to get arrested?
Are you crazy?
- No. I'm not crazy.
- We're not going anywhere!
In a while.
they'll be knocking at our door
and life will return to normal.
We didn´t do anything wrong.
And that's it!
You're going crazy.
Stop all this drama!
You're making the kids panic!
Please get up and eat.
Let's do everything
we need to do.
I've made you some coffee.
Drink it...
Please. drink.
You broke her hearing aid.
What’ve you done to her?
You hit her?
Bela. I never hurt her.
Never.
I never hit her in my life.
You screamed!
You've been punching the walls!
- Bela!
- I don´t want anything.
If you'd heard me…
They want to give me
to another family.
I don´t want to go.
I miss you so much.
I think in you everyday.
No one here talks to me.
Only Diego.
I want to talk with you...
Jota. seriously?
I can't have a decent conversation
with my daughter.
Did you really have
to pull that crap?
- Jota. so now it’s my fault!?
- Is it mine?
I need to speak with my children!
Why won´t they let me? Why?
Lu said no one talks to her.
No one!
And you consider that to be normal?
I don´t think any of this is normal.
I just wanted to be with them
the full hour I was entitled to.
Even if I had to stay in silence.
Fuck!
Bela?
Look...
I've found someone
who can really help us.
Really? Who?
She used to work for the social services.
her name is Anne Payne.
Are you crazy?
A social services drop out?
From here?
- You're crazy.
- Yes.
I've a meeting tomorrow.
Look at me...
I'm going.
- You're insane!
- Don´t you trust me?
I don´t care.
I'm going!
Say that again?
You're telling me that?
You must be kidding.
You're really doing this?
They're my kids.
Like that woman
would ever help us.
Please. do something.
Don´t you ask yourself
what they're doing?
I ask myself when we'll
have them back.
It will happen.
What's your doubt?
You will see.
it will happen.
- And Jessy if she goes?
- You can´t know that!
Stop thinking shit!
Fuck!
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
We should had run away.
Wake up...
Come to our bed.
Don´t stay here again.
- I'm tired.
- All the more reason.
Come to bed.
You can´t stay here forever.
Come on.
I'm at a restaurant. Mum.
I don´t know where.
The address.
Ask him the address.
Son. delete all the records.
Anne will take care of everything.
Someone will pick us up.
Look...
He's coming!
Don´t forget the number.
Bela. don´t exagerate!
Bela. control yourself!
- I can´t believe their nerve...
- Ok. but just don´t overdo it.
They're new.
Hey. look at me.
Look at me...
I never knew you
could speak like that.
I don´t know...
Don´t know if it was worth it...
or even if that was enough.
We've lost.
Better late than never.